# Post Mortem
Use this page to discuss what you learned from completing this assignment.  It should be completed **after** you finish coding your assignment. Your post mortem must be at least 500 words long.  Note that the focus of the paper should be on your reflection, not on structure (e.g. introductory paragraph, conclusion, etc.).  The essay is graded on content (i.e. it shows deep though) rather than syntax (e.g. spelling) and structure.  

Below are some prompts that can be used to get you thinking.  Feel free to use these or to make up your own.
* Describe a particular struggle that you overcame when working on this programming assignment.
* Conversely, describe an issue with your assignment that you were unable to resolve.
* Provide advice to a future student on how he or she might succeed on this assignment.
* Describe the most fun aspect of the assignment.
* Describe the most challenging aspect of the assignment.
* Describe the most difficult aspect of the assignment to understand.
* Provide any suggestions for improving the assignment in the future.


After starting the project I found that the hardest thing I had to do was how to figure out the logic of how a calculator actually works. What I mean by this is, when you use a calculator you don't usually think about how it works in the background. Getting the left side of the equation and the right side to accurately calculate what the user wants. I overcame this by using strings to hold each side and after the user inputs an operation then I parsed the string to a float and threw it into lh, and then got the right hand number and after the user inputs =, I parse the string again and set it equal to rh as a float and performed the operation. The app I made is still not absent of bugs, some of these bugs (that I found) are small and don't interfere with the main use of the app, but one i found after turning it in and didn't think about was that I didn't have a limit for the number of values the user could input. Without a limit the app just continues to add more and more values until the number pad is out of view and renders it unusable. Of course I didn't even think about this aspect while programming but it is still a problem that I wasn't able to overcome (because of time constraints, I went back and fixed it afterwards though). One of the more challenging problems I faced was trying to figure out was, how to get the calculator to keep using the total for the next operation. What I mean by this is say you wanted to add 2 and 3 together, you would get 5 but then you wanted to subtract 4 from the total (5), it didn't take that long for me to figure how to do this but when I implemented the code it caused other problems to arise. After a few hours of debugging and trying to work out the kinks, I had to ask you for help. Luckily, you throughout a solution in less then the time it took for my to explain the problem, this was extremely helpful. If I was going to give future students some advice, it would be to take some time and write out the logic of the calculator before starting to code, I did this in my head but I think it would be a lot more helpful to write it out in pseudocode before hand. The most fun aspect of the project was getting to exactly make a working app that I can show off to my friends and play with myself. Everything I have done so far in my programming "career" wasn't pretty or user friendly (for the most part) if I went to show my old work to non-computer savvy people they would think its ugly and probably wouldn't understand how to use it, but with this app I wanted to make it look as best as a I could (even though I'm not great with graphic design) and have the ability for the app to be pick up and use without an instruction.  After all is said and done, I feel really strongly about this app. Even through it's my every first app, and it definitely shows, I feel more comfortable with making apps and want to continue to hone in on those skills. I will be continuing to improve this app so that I have a good product to be able to show potential employers. 
