# Post Mortem

During this project, I tried to expand my knowledge with creating an Android application, so I decided to make a game with a timer and splash screen. The splash screen took a little more time then I thought would but after I figured out how to get it to work, it felt very rewarding. I know that splash screens are usually used to load the app in the background and stop when the app is done loading but my splash screen was just a test so it just stops in a few seconds. Eventually, I would like to implement how to get it to stop only when the app is done loading all the assets. With the timer, I realized that it is actually really simple to implement a background timer for an app and was a great addition to the app. One of the issues I didn't have time to implement was the use of your file system to get high-quality images for the app to use. When I tried to implement the high-quality images for some reason the google API never recognized the images. I feel like one of the reasons was that when the image got implemented in the app the image was rotated to the left 90 degrees, but I still feel like the Google API should have been able to recognize what is in the image. So, unfortunately, I had to revert back the lower quality images because the API seemed to work better with them. If I had to give advice to future students I would say to focus on the minimal viable product at first to get your app working, then if you have time work on the extras. I got caught up with the "extras" at the beginning of the project which did not give me enough time to work on the high-quality images like I planned. Although, with my testing the app I made works exactly like I planned it to, which is very rewarding. For me, I still struggle on figure outing how to pass data to and from another activity. I would like to look into how to is working, if you have any good resources to understand this better, I would greatly appreciate it. Other things I would like to implement in the app would be a timer to limit the time the user has to take the image, which would make the app a little more challenging and hopefully more rewarding and in turn more enjoyable. Also, I would like to fix the UI of the app, it looks good enough right now but learning how to make the UI design more professional and make it look more "finished" I personally do not think the app looks like a finished product, but the main focus of the app was to get a working app that has the underlying features I wanted. This is a good learning opportunity because I know in the "real world" you need to know how to keep moving and get a working product and not get caught up with the "extras" of the app.
