# Post Mortem
Use this page to discuss what you learned from completing this assignment.  It should be completed **after** you finish coding your assignment. Your post mortem must be at least 500 words long.  Note that the focus of the paper should be on your reflection, not on structure (e.g. introductory paragraph, conclusion, etc.).  The essay is graded on content (i.e. it shows deep though) rather than syntax (e.g. spelling) and structure.  

Below are some prompts that can be used to get you thinking.  Feel free to use these or to make up your own.
* Describe a particular struggle that you overcame when working on this programming assignment.
* Conversely, describe an issue with your assignment that you were unable to resolve.
* Provide advice to a future student on how he or she might succeed on this assignment.
* Describe the most fun aspect of the assignment.
* Describe the most challenging aspect of the assignment.
* Describe the most difficult aspect of the assignment to understand.
* Provide any suggestions for improving the assignment in the future.

When starting this project the biggest struggle I had was trying to figure out how to get the two activities to "communicate" with one another. At first I tried to get two activities working I spend a lot of time researching how to send the bitmap back and forth but unfortunately, I was not able to figure it out in time. So, I ended up using one activity and two layouts, this helped because I now didn't have to worry about the two activities transferring data, although, I would still like to learn how to get multiple activities to talk to one another. After, moving on from the activities I ran into another problem, this time I had trouble getting a picture from the gallery. I figured out how to open the gallery and have the user pick a photo but what I was not able to figure out was how to get the picked photo into a bitmap where I could then manipulate in the way I wanted. Again, I was unable to overcome this hurdle and had to move on. These two problems were definitely the most challenging part of the project. The third struggle I had was getting the picture to save to the gallery. I figure out some code to do this but in my testing, it only worked the first time and then when I tried the "save" feature again the photo would not show up in the gallery. The thing about this that I don't understand is that the next day (after turning in the code) the photos were saving to the gallery but I was saving the original photo, not the manipulated one. I know why the app is saving the original and not the manipulated one and I will be fixing that in the near future. Overall, I feel like I learned a lot from this project and I find a lot of enjoyment in making apps and being able to see the work come together on my phone. It feels a lot more rewarding than making console application in visual studios (which I'm not to fond of). If I had to give future students some advice it would be to focus on the functionality(the effects and other things to get the app working) before spending hours trying to figure out the activities or grabbing the photo from the gallery. This way you know your app works and has the ability to do what it is intended to do. Some advice for improving the project would be to try and explain the code you gave us to start with a little more. What I mean by this is, I spent a lot of time trying to figure out how you were opening the camera and then setting the picture to a bitmap. I understand that this is how you learn, but I was really lost in the first week of the project and spent most of my time just trying to understand the code and how it was working, but again maybe this is what you were trying to achieve. Overall, I really enjoy these projects so far and I’m more excited to start the next one. 
