# Post Mortem

During this project, I learned a lot about Unity and how to make games. I started this project with no prior knowledge of Unity or game development. After working on this project I feel that i have a good really basic understanding of how to use Unity, of course there is a lot that i still don't know but coming from not knowing anything to creating to games that work and are somewhat fun to play is really rewarding for me. One of the things I still need to look into is how to manage the games correctly and how to handle deaths so the game starts over at the beginning, this was something that I wasn't able to figure out in the time frame of the project. Another thing I need to figure out is how to get the game working properly on different devices, after turning in the project Alec downloaded the APK's onto his phone and while the games work perfectly how I wanted on my device, they were clunky and slow on his. I don't understand why this is at the moment so it will be something that I would have to look into when continuing with Unity. For the first game "Galaxy Shooter" I used a tutorial to help me with getting started with Unity, this is why I felt like it was necessary to include another game with this assignment> Even though I didn't just copy the code word for word the tutorial definitely helped me out a lot. When moving to the next project "JumpyJump" the biggest struggle I found was how to make the game infinitely generate the level. I found that the best way to go about this was to keep track of the last platform's position and when the player gets to a certain position lower then the last platform, I would call my spawn platform function, which would then randomly spawn a set number of platforms above the player, this makes it seem like the world is infinite to the player. Another thing I would like to add would be different platforms, for example, platforms that move horizontally and vertically also platforms that just break when the player hits them. As well as, making some enemies that spawn that make the game more challenging. Like I said earlier I had trouble how to handle the death in this game, which is not included in the current state, I tried to implement some of the features but they never worked properly. With more time to sit down with this project, I am confident that I would be able to figure this out. If I had to give some advice to a future student when doing a project like this, I would tell them to try a tutorial to help them get started. This is because at least for me when I first jumped into Unity it was scary and overwhelming, but after learning the basics I realised that it is actually pretty simple to create a somewhat simple game, but I can see how it would take years to develop an AAA game like "Halo" or others like that. Overall this project was very rewarding and I really enjoyed making this small games and learning Unity. 
